Update README.md (#15)
vtex-apps/tab-layout: docs/README.md

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

The Tab Layout app provides you the needed structure to create different layouts within the store's main one from the use of *tabs*.

![tab-layout](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/66661201-fc70c880-ec1c-11e9-8387-3fea98f59e3c.png)
*Example of an brazilian VTEX store with tabs (`Perfumes até 40%off`, `Presentes`, and `Best Sellers`) displaying different content for users.* 

## Configuration

1. Add the Tab Layout app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json` file:

```diff
 "dependencies": {
+  "vtex.tab-layout": "0.x"
 }
```

> Now, you are able to use all the blocks exported by the `search-result` app. Check out the full list below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you are able to use all the blocks exported by the `tab-layou` app. Check out the full list below:
```
